Personalized Leisure Travel
Planning to
Delight Everyone
Help your business stand out by giving your members, customers, and employees the best discounts on the best destinations. We’ll partner with you to make your brand feel first-class to those who matter most.



Leisure travel benefits help companies attract and retain employees and boost member and customer loyalty, engagement, and satisfaction rates. Mondee is an industry-leading travel solution that meets the needs of all stakeholders. Our fully-integrated AI platform saves users time while crafting personalized experiences informed by our global network of local travel experts.

Employees, Members, and Customers Enjoy:
Vast Travel Booking Inventory in 20+ Languages
Secure Payment Options in Multiple Currencies
Close Collaboration on Trips

Organizations Enjoy:
Fast and Easy Platform Onboarding and Management
Comprehensive Dashboards With Full Data Visibility
Potential to Fundraise or Earn Revenue


How Organizations Are Using Mondee
Organizations looking to engage, attract, incentivize, and retain employees, customers, or members recognize leisure travel as a universally attractive and popular benefit.

Everybody loves to travel but it’s not always easy to book; we provide a customizable solution that’s easy to set up, use, and manage, even under your own brand. For the  convenience of all your global members, customers, and employees, we cover 20+ languages and currencies. With more than a decade at the forefront of the travel industry, Mondee is a trusted partner that provides a robust inventory, 24/7 customer support, and business insights.

The Best Inventory, at the Best Prices
Stakeholders enjoy access to a comprehensive network of over 500 airlines, 1M+ hotel and vacation rentals, 30K+ rental car pickup locations, and 50+ cruise lines – along with negotiated rates that are lower than what’s offered on other popular travel sites.


Seamless Travel Support From Abhi, Our AI Travel Assistant
Whether you’re in the early stages of trip-brainstorming or ready to make a booking, our AI travel assistant Abhi can generate personalized, bookable itineraries in seconds. With Abhi’s help, travelers have the ability to change or cancel a trip, when option is available.


Secure and Supported, Every Step of the Way
Travelers enjoy secure multi-currency payments via credit card or digital wallet, including Apple Pay and Google Pay. If they have questions at any stage, Mondee provides 24/7 customer support.