Mondee - Boost Employee & Member Travel Benefits

Help your business stand out by giving your members, customers, and employees the best discounts on the best destinations. We’ll partner with you to make your brand feel first-class to those who matter most.
Leisure travel benefits help companies attract and retain employees and boost member and customer loyalty, engagement, and satisfaction rates. Mondee is an industry-leading travel solution that meets the needs of all stakeholders. Our fully-integrated AI platform saves users time while crafting personalized experiences informed by our global network of local travel experts.
Ready to add value for your members, customers or employees with an attractive leisure travel perk? Find out how Mondee Marketplace can make trip planning easier for everyone while boosting satisfaction. Sign up today!
Organizations looking to engage, attract, incentivize, and retain employees, customers, or members recognize leisure travel as a universally attractive and popular benefit.
Everybody loves to travel but it’s not always easy to book; we provide a customizable solution that’s easy to set up, use, and manage, even under your own brand. For the  convenience of all your global members, customers, and employees, we cover 20+ languages and currencies. With more than a decade at the forefront of the travel industry, Mondee is a trusted partner that provides a robust inventory, 24/7 customer support, and business insights.
Stakeholders enjoy access to a comprehensive network of over 500 airlines, 1M+ hotel and vacation rentals, 30K+ rental car pickup locations, and 50+ cruise lines – along with negotiated rates that are lower than what’s offered on other popular travel sites.
Whether you’re in the early stages of trip-brainstorming or ready to make a booking, our AI travel assistant Abhi can generate personalized, bookable itineraries in seconds. With Abhi’s help, travelers have the ability to change or cancel a trip, when option is available.
Travelers enjoy secure multi-currency payments via credit card or digital wallet, including Apple Pay and Google Pay. If they have questions at any stage, Mondee provides 24/7 customer support.
Our AI travel assistant Abhi can find the best flights in seconds, answer complex questions, suggest itineraries, and connect travelers with local experts to craft personalized travel experiences. Read on to see why Abhi is the all-in-one leisure travel planning and booking solution for your employees, members, or customers!
Our wide-ranging travel partners offer a near-infinite array of travel options for any type of journey. Here are just a few of them:
“The integration of generative AI into the platform has led to one of the most impressive final products in this early stage of the tech, certainly more useful than anything released so far by the large online travel agencies.”
To manage your members’ or organization’s leisure travel, download our world-class Mondee Marketplace travel app to start crafting custom travel experiences, with discounted rates and 24/7 traveler support from our innovative AI travel assistant, Abhi. With the Mondee Marketplace app, you can run your business from anywhere.
Have questions about how Mondee can best support your organization? Contact us today and a Customer Success expert will help you find the right plan to suit your needs.
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee Jobs - Embark On An Extraordinary Travel Career Journey

Are you ready to take your career on a journey of growth and innovation? At Mondee, we are dedicated to revolutionizing the travel industry and we are always on the lookout for talented people to join our team.
Product Manager
Technology & Engineering
Telangana, India (On-site)
Scrum Master
Technology & Engineering
Telangana, India (On-site)
Director of Operations(B2B Travel)
Marketing
Delhi, India (On-site)
Manager / Sr. Manager-Finance
Finance
Delhi, India (On-site)
Back End Developer
Technology & Engineering
Telangana, India (On-site)
Head of Finance
Finance
Delhi, India (On-site)
Frontend Developer
Technology & Engineering
Telangana, India (On-site)
Full Stack Engineer
Technology & Engineering
Telangana, India (On-site)
Senior Manager of SEC Reporting and Technical Accounting
Finance
Austin, TX (On-site)
Manager/Senior Accountant of SEC Reporting and Technical Accounting
Finance
Austin, TX (On-site)
Flutter Developer
Technology & Engineering
Telangana, India (On-site)
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - AI-Powered Innovative Travel App & Booking System

We are a high-growth travel technology company driving change in the leisure travel sectors through a broad array of innovative solutions.
Our fully integrated AI travel platform streamlines and simplifies how you plan, book, and share your trips. Our modern, agile products and extensive industry relationships enable and accelerate our customers’ success.
Mondee’s cutting-edge travel tools cater to the needs of today’s travelers and meet the current and future needs of travel professionals and organizational benefits. With our proprietary AI solution, Abhi, and through conversational commerce, cutting-edge analytics dashboards, fintech innovations, and mobile apps, our tech works harder so you don’t have to.
Our experiential marketplace and SaaS platform leverage the latest advancements in digital transformation, data science & machine learning, conversational and generative AI, automation, and data analytics to provide our customers with the best travel management solution, and their travelers with unique and personalized travel experiences.
To manage your clients’ or organization’s leisure travel, download our world-class Mondee Marketplace travel app to start crafting custom travel experiences, with discounted rates and 24/7 traveler support from our innovative AI travel assistant, Abhi. With the Mondee Marketplace app, you can run your business from anywhere.
"Mondee’s technology delivers beyond what you knew was possible, making your travel experience seamless, intuitive, and secure.
Contact us today to start exploring!"
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee Leadership Team

© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - Innovative Travel Marketplace & Booking System

With real-time insights from hyper-local pros and 24/7 customer support for travelers and travel experts alike, the Mondee Marketplace is an all-in-one platform where you can book with confidence.
The Mondee Marketplace, powered by Abhi, our AI travel assistant, helps you grow your knowledge, compare prices, and pass along great deals to your travelers—all while shaping your commission to suit your needs.
With the Mondee Marketplace, it’s easy to quickly build custom itineraries, oversee your clients’ bookings, and manage trips. Multiply your knowledge and deliver beyond expectations with the help of Abhi and our network of local experts. No matter where your audience wants to go, give them access to all the hidden gems and immersive experiences that will make their trip unlike any other. With multiple language and currency options, Mondee meets their needs for a perfect booking experience.
Whether you’re a travel professional, an influencer, or a traveler, you’ll find everything you need thanks to Abhi, our AI travel assistant. With next-level personalization and robust AI, Abhi is your all-in-one travel planning and booking solution.
The Mondee Marketplace gives you access to an expansive global travel inventory with competitive rates. Our wide-ranging travel partners offer a near-infinite array of travel options for any type of journey, including:
The Mondee Marketplace’s innovative AI integration creates a powerful and intuitive tool to streamline and simplify how you plan, book, share, and even make changes to trips. We support multiple languages and currencies for global coverage of our customers and their travelers. Read below to learn more.
To manage your clients’ or organization’s leisure travel, download our world-class Mondee Marketplace travel app to start crafting custom travel experiences, with discounted rates and 24/7 traveler support from our innovative AI travel assistant, Abhi. With the Mondee Marketplace app, you can run your business from anywhere.
Ready to get started? Mondee’s technology delivers beyond what you knew was possible, making the business of travel planning seamless, intuitive, and secure. Sign up today to start exploring!
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee- AI-Powered Travel App with Expansive Inventory for Every Trip

With an expansive inventory that caters to every desire and budget, Mondee makes the travel experience simple, transparent, and joyful.
Whether you’re searching for the last puzzle piece to complete the perfect trip, need itinerary inspiration for your customers, or want a delightful leisure perk for employees or members, we get you where you need to go—in new and unexpected ways.
Mondee unlocks the world. The Mondee Marketplace is an all-in-one platform where you can book with confidence. Powered by our AI personal travel assistant, our intuitive approach puts the information you need at your fingertips so you can connect with who and what matters most.
For Travel Agents, Travel Experts, and Influencers, we offer access to an expansive global inventory, key insights to help you build your business, built-in fraud protection and fintech features, and unprecedented control over your earnings. For Organizations, offering employee or member leisure travel benefits is a great way to build loyalty, give perks, and earn commissions. With multi-language support and the ability to process payments in selected currencies, Mondee supports you wherever you are in the world, and wherever you’re going.
Whether you’re a travel professional, an influencer, or a traveler, you’ll find everything you need thanks to Abhi, our AI travel assistant. With next-level personalization and robust AI, Abhi is your all-in-one travel planning and booking solution.
Our cutting-edge travel technology meets the current and future needs of travel professionals – working harder so you don’t have to! With our proprietary AI solution, Abhi, we will continue to disrupt and transform the travel industry with our specialized data drawn from the knowledge and expertise of Mondee’s 65K+ global travel experts. Our multilingual, multi-currency capabilities ensure we support your global audience.
Mondee helps our customers craft truly unique, personalized travel experiences.
To manage your clients’ or organization’s leisure travel, download our world-class Mondee Marketplace travel app to start crafting custom travel experiences, with discounted rates and 24/7 traveler support from our innovative AI travel assistant, Abhi. With the Mondee Marketplace app, you can run your business from anywhere.
“The integration of generative AI into the platform has led to one of the most impressive final products in this early stage of the tech, certainly more useful than anything released so far by the large online travel agencies.”
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - AI-Powered Travel App for Travel Experts & Organizations

Whether you are building a business as a Travel Expert, monetizing your followers as an Influencer, or looking to offer additional benefits to employees, customers or members in an Organization, our Marketplace is the bridge to where you want to be.
Mondee Marketplace is a modern travel ecosystem empowering all types of users all over the globe, in multiple languages and currencies.
Click on each image to see how Mondee can help you.
Travel Experts & Agencies
Travel Experts
Freelancers & Gig Workers
Travel Experts
Influencers
Travel Experts
Nonprofits
Organizations
Enterprise Organization
Organizations
Small to Medium-Sized Business Owners
Organizations
Whether you’re a travel professional, an influencer, or a traveler, you’ll find everything you need thanks to Abhi, our AI travel assistant. With next-level personalization and robust AI, Abhi is your all-in-one travel planning and booking solution.
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee News and Media Coverage

AIRBNB, MONDEE MOVES SIGNAL ROLE OF ACQUISITIONS IN TRAVEL’S RACE FOR AI
Generative artificial intelligence has been the topic of 2023, and companies have taken note with bigwigs speaking openly about plans to integrate the technology. But Airbnb’s recent acquisition of GamePlanner.AI and Mondee’s acquisition of Purplegrids – both announced last week – hint at a different kind of strategy, one that may have developed in the interest of speed as industry heads race towards an AI-focused future
Mondee Acquires AI Company Founded by Former Apple Developer
Mondee has acquired an AI company called Purplegrids in an all-stock deal valued at roughly $19 million. Mondee primarily provides travel agents with a tech platform for making wholesale bookings on behalf of customers. The company in July released an upgraded version of its travel booking platform that is integrated with the latest advancements of AI and includes a chatbot called Abhi.
Small Tech Fixes with Big Customer Experience Impact
We see it often in tech–apps with glossy interfaces and hardware with sleek designs, but it's the small enhancements in code optimization, data security tweaks, or a more intuitive UI design that substantially elevates the overall user experience.
TRIPADVISOR LAUNCHES NEW AI TRAVEL PLANNING FEATURES
Tripadvisor is rolling out artificial intelligence-created summaries that are meant to give travelers additional insight on key features as they research hotels. The news comes on the heels of Tripadvisor’s July launch of its AI-powered travel planning tool and what the company called successful public beta testing of its travel itinerary generator.
Q&A: Mondee’s Vice Chairman Talks AI Strategy, Acquisitions, Going Public
Just over a year after Mondee went public, the company that helps travel agents, experts and influencers access a global inventory of hotels, flights, activities and cruises at negotiated rates as they build their businesses, has undergone a rebranding, including the integration of its artificial intelligence travel assistant.
Travel Tech Company Mondee Rebrands to Emphasize AI Platform and Connect with Travelers
Mondee Holdings Inc.. a travel technology company and marketplace changing the way travel is booked with the first fully integrated AI (artificial intelligence) platform that takes users from planning to booking, announced a rebranding as the company moves to connect with travelers and travel planners on a deeper level.
Mondee unveils striking new brand identity as the company leverages AI to elevate and empower the travel journey
Mondee Holdings Inc., the high-growth, travel technology company and marketplace with a portfolio of global platforms in the leisure and corporate travel sectors, announces a transformative rebranding as the company moves to connect with travelers
Mondee Appoints Jeff Clarke to Its Board
Mondee Holdings, Inc. has appointed Jeff Clarke to its Board of Directors. The independent appointment is effective Sept. 14, 2023, following unanimous election by the Company’s Board of Directors. Clarke brings a wealth of experience in the technology sector, including a deep-rooted history in the travel industry, which is set to greatly benefit the Mondee team.
Mondee Announces Inaugural Share Repurchase Program of Up to $30 Million
Mondee Holdings, Inc., the high-growth, travel technology company and marketplace, with a portfolio of globally recognized platforms in the leisure and corporate travel sectors, announced that its Board of Directors has approved an inaugural share repurchase program with authorization to purchase up to $30 million of its outstanding shares of common stock, effective immediately.
Disrupt. Transform. Revolutionize.
Disrupt. Transform. Revolutionize. That seems to be the best way to describe Mondee's launch of its new A.I. platform and travel experiences marketplace.
Mondee Board Approves $30 Million Share Buyback Program
19 Popular AI Assistants
An AI assistant is a software program that uses artificial intelligence to provide information and perform specific tasks. By leveraging natural language processing and large language models, it can understand users’ text or speech inputs and generate responses that are conversational and fluent.
Mondee Buys Its Fourth Company This Year
Mondee is expanding further into corporate travel with its fourth acquisition of the year – it said Monday that it has acquired Skypass Travel for $15 million. Skypass is focused on selling wholesale travel to international consulting firms and small- and medium-sized businesses, as well as vacation packages and humanitarian travel.
Bringing Joy to The Journey
When Mondee Holdings Inc. launched Abhi, its revolutionary mobile-first A.I. platform with multi-party conversational commerce fully integrated into the Mondee Travel Marketplace in mid-July, it made it pretty clear that its goal was to change the travel industry.
The AI Revolution Is Coming, Here’s How Industries Are Optimizing
AI is clearly the most buzzworthy topic of the year but it’s not new. It’s been around for a very long time. Phones and social media don’t wow with innovation anymore but AI can and will. Unsee all the articles about robot uprisings and impending doom for a moment.
This Tripadvisor AI-Driven Tool Will Generate Travel Itineraries
The new tool joins a host of new technology bursting onto the travel scene. Recently, Austin based tech company Mondee rolled out Adhi. It’s a new AI planning system, the tool is described to Fox Business as “the most powerful in the industry.”
Mondee Launches AI-powered Travel Assistant, Abhi
Developed for years, Abhi combines multiple AI technologies, including generative AI, deep learning, computer vision, and a recommendation engine, utilizing the capabilities of AI engines such as Google’s Bard, OpenAI’s ChatGPT, and IBM’s Watson.
Mondee Introduces AI-Driven Experiences to its Marketplace
Mondee Holdings Inc. has announced the launch of ‘Abhi’, its mobile-first AI platform with multiparty conversational commerce fully integrated into the Mondee Travel Marketplace.
Mondee Introduces New AI-Powered Travel Agent Tools
Mondee announced the launch of Mondee Travel Marketplace featuring Abhi, its AI-powered travel assistant platform that simplifies the cruise booking process. Mondee’s Marketplace features an integrated cruises platform allowing users to easily browse and book a cruise of their choice. Travel agents can also benefit from the app as it simplifies the process of supporting their customer base.
Mondee Holdings introduced its mobile-first AI platform with multi-party conversational commerce integrated into the Mondee Travel Marketplace.
Mondee Holdings introduced its mobile-first AI platform with multi-party conversational commerce integrated into the Mondee Travel Marketplace. The Mondee Marketplace provides travel options with AI-embedded collaborative curation across all components of air, hotels, vacation rental accommodations, ground transportation, cruises, tours, packages, activities and events. Fifty cruise lines are supported.
Mondee Adds Mobile App and AI Chatbot for Travel Booking
Exactly one year since it went public, Mondee has released an updated version of its travel booking platform to include a mobile app and a generative AI chatbot. This update is the culmination of three years of work and a group of acquisitions that happened during the pandemic, said Orestes Fintiklis, vice chairman for Mondee.
Mondee Unveils New AI Technology Platform For Better Travel Experiences
Travel technology company Mondee Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:MOND) has launched Abhi, its mobile-first A.I. platform with multi-party conversational commerce integrated into the Mondee Travel Marketplace. Mondee launched Abhi on the first anniversary of its Nasdaq listing.
Mondee Holdings, Inc. A Hidden Gem in the Travel Industry
As of May 17th, 2023, Mondee Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: MOND) opened at a modest $9.51; however, industry analysts have noted that this stock’s price is not a reliable indicator of its potential for growth. Investors who are seeking something with exceptional market value must look no further than Mondee.
Mondee Welcomes Former Accenture Leader Geetika Gupta as Chief People Officer
Mondee Holdings Inc., a technology-driven, next-generation marketplace in a $1 trillion segment of the travel market, announced the addition of Geetika Gupta as Chief People Officer (“CPO”), based in the company’s Austin, Texas headquarters.
Mondee Welcomes Former Accenture Leader Geetika Gupta as CPO
Mondee Holdings a technology-driven, next-generation marketplace in a $1 trillion segment of the travel market, announced the addition of Geetika Gupta as Chief People Officer (“CPO”), based in the company’s Austin, Ms. Gupta’s impressive career spans over two decades, during which she has amassed extensive experience in the fields of human resources and talent engagement across multiple geographies such as the United States, India, Singapore and Malaysia. Her expertise includes talent management, leadership development, and organization design and change management.
Mondee Interep Acquisition
Mondee, which went public via a special purpose acquisition company [SPAC] merger with ITHAX Acquisition Corp last July, will use the acquisition of Interep to further expand and diversify its geographic footprint in Latin America, enhance its product offerings, and provide a complementary distribution network to that of Orinter [Mondee’s previous purchase in Brazil].
Mondee Crece En LATAM Tras Comprar Los B2B Consolid E Interep
La plataforma de viajes Mondee consolida su presencia en Latinoamérica al adquirir Consolid (México) e Interep (Brasil), dos proveedores de viajes B2B, informa Phocuswire. Consolid opera en los mercados de viajes aéreos y terrestres en México a través de sus marcas Consolid y Travel Fan. Interep, por su parte, se enfoca en el mercado de lujo. Su red de distribución de 3.100 afiliados activos y expertos en viajes atiende principalmente a viajeros de ocio.
American Mondee Acquired Consolid Mexico Holdings
Mondee Holdings Inc., an American technology-oriented marketplace in the tourism market segment, has acquired Consolit Mexico Holdings, S.A.P.I. de C.V., a leading Mexican travel company. This is reported in the Mondee press release. Mondee is the market leader in North America and is rapidly increasing its presence in LATAM. The deal is aimed at expanding Mondee's presence in LATAM along with the acquisition of the Brazilian Orinter in January 2023 and Interep in May 2023. In ad
Mondee Canada Wraps Up Cross Canada Sales Mission
A national travel trade mission by Mondee Canada to meet travel professionals across the nation wrapped up in Vancouver last week. The tour had kicked off in Toronto with a big turnout of 300-plus advisors earlier in May, followed by stops in Ottawa, Calgary and Edmonton before reaching YVR.
DA Davidson Reaffirms Their Buy Rating on Mondee
n a report released today, Tom White from D.A. Davidson maintained a Buy rating on Mondee Holdings (MOND – Research Report). The company’s shares closed yesterday at $9.85. According to TipRanks, White is a 3-star analyst with an average return of 1.4% and a 40.32% success rate. White covers the Technology sector, focusing on stocks such as CarGurus, Cars, and DoorDash.
Mondee Holdings Expects Significant YearOverYear Growth in Net Revenue
Mondee Holdings, a leading travel technology firm, has recently announced its revised net revenue guidance for the full year ending December 31, 2023. According to the latest projections, the company is expecting to generate a net revenue of $240 million to $245 million, which marks a significant year-over-year growth of 52% at the midpoint.
Mondee Acquires Consolid to Expand Travel Marketplace in Latin America
Mondee has acquired travel provider Consolid to support its expansion into the Latin American travel market. Already a leading travel technology company and travel marketplace in North America, Mondee is continuing an expansion that also includes its acquisitions of Orinter in January and Interep earlier in May, the company said in a Monday (May 15) press release.
Mondee Holdings Reports Q1 Earnings; Raises FY23 Outlook
Mondee is providing the following projections for its first full-year as a public company ending December 31, 2023. We expect to continue delivering profitable growth as we capitalize on international travel market recovery, continue to expand geographically and leverage our enhanced technology to expand products and increase market share.
Roth MKM Sticks to Their Buy Rating for Mondee Holdings (MOND)
In a report released today, Darren Aftahi from Roth MKM maintained a Buy rating on Mondee Holdings (MOND – Research Report), with a price target of $13.00. The company’s shares closed today at $9.43.
Best Travel Technology Stock Investing, Orestes Fintiklis as Guest
Mondee in Canada – Taking Agents to New Heights
It was quite the evening as Mondee welcomed over 300 travel advisors at the Woodbine Banquet & Convention Centre in Toronto last night (May 3) for the first of five Canadian Showcase events. It was also fitting that the Toronto Showcase – which gave advisors the opportunity to meet with more than 20 of Mondee’s airline partners – took place on Travel Agent Day as Mondee launched its new branding in Canada.
CEO da Mondee é finalista do prêmio EY Entrepreneur Of The Year
Chairman, CEO and founder of Mondee (the US company that recently acquired Orinter), Prasad Gundumogula, has been named a finalist for the EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2023 Gulf South award, which is in its 37th year and recognizes transformative entrepreneurs and business leaders, high-growth companies that are building a more equal sustainable and prosperous world.
Prasad Gundumogula Named As an EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2023 Gulf South Award Finalist
Mondee announced that our Chairman, CEO, and Founder Prasad Gundumogula was named an EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2023 Gulf South Award finalist. Now in its 37th year, Entrepreneur Of The Year is one of the preeminent competitive business awards for transformative entrepreneurs and leaders of high-growth companies who are building a more equitable, sustainable and prosperous world for all.
Mondee Appoints Meredith Waters as General Counsel
Mondee announced the addition of Meredith Waters as its first General Counsel, based in the company’s Austin, Texas headquarters. In her new role, Ms. Waters will be responsible for all legal matters at Mondee and will oversee the legal department. With over 15 years of experience in corporate law, Ms. Waters is well-versed in handling complex legal issues for large multinational companies.
VP da Mondee Conta Planos Para Orinter E Mais Aquisições
New owner of Orinter, since January this year, Mondee Holdings, a technology content and solutions company for travel agencies, based in Texas, United States, and listed on Nasdaq, is just starting out in Latin America. Founded in 2011, the group posted revenue of US $2 billion last year, and wants to bring Brazilian and Latin American travel agents its technological solutions, commercial conditions and more products to increase its competitiveness.
How the Travel Industry is Set to Take Off in 2023
The global travel market is a $631 billion dollar industry and ripe for disruption. With many global brands using outdated systems, there is an increase in new, tech-first platforms and marketplaces that are posed to reinvigorate and enhance the travel experience.
Mondee and TISSINI Parter to Empower Hispanic Women
As part of Mondee’s Affiliate Network program, TISSINI’s micro-network of 55,000 U.S. Hispanic women, who have been selling products to their local communities, will now expand into services with the opportunity to sell travel through Mondee’s platform.
Mondee and TISSINI Partner to Empower Hispanic Women as Successful Travel Entrepreneurs
Mondee Holdings Inc., a technology-driven, next-generation marketplace in a $1 trillion segment of the travel market, announced a new partnership with TISSINI, a social selling platform empowering U.S. Hispanic women.
Mondee and TISSINI Partner to Empower Hispanic Women Entrepreneurs in Travel
A new partnership between Mondee, a tech-driven, digital company dedicated to making travel platforms and networking more agile, and TISSINI, a social selling platform catered to empower Hispanic women, is out to get more Hispanic women entrepreneurs interested in the travel industry.
Global Travel Trends, Acquisitions and Other Topics Discussed during Podcast Interview of Orestes Fintiklis
Mondee is a one-of-a-kind company in travel tech. The company is filling the gaps caused by inconsistencies in the industry. The travel industry has been on a never-ending rollercoaster since the COVID-19 outbreak. Did the pandemic bring about better opportunities in travel and hospitality? During this episode, Orestes explains what Mondee does, how he ended up there, and what his role is.
Tigress Financial Raises Mondee Holdings’ Price Target to $17 From $16, Maintains Buy Rating
Mondee is disrupting the World’s Travel Market, Vice Chairman Orestes Fintiklis Interview
Mondee Vice Chairman Orestes Fintiklis joins Jill Malandrino on Nasdaq TradeTalks to discuss what’s disrupting the world’s travel market.
Mondee Doubled Revenue and Net Loss in Its Year Going Public
Mondee has been going through a lot of changes over the last year, and the numbers shared during its latest earnings call reflect that.
Top Performing Companies for Delta, Air France and KLM Honored with Agency Elite 2023 Awards
Delta Air Lines along with its joint venture partners Air France and KLM are bestowing honours on top producing Canadian agencies, with the Agency Elite 2023 Awards.
Mondee Acquires Brazilian Travel COmpany Orinter for $40M
Mondee (NASDAQ:MOND) said it had acquired travel provider Orinter for about $40M in a cash-and-stock transaction, to expand into Brazil and Latin America. Orinter is in the hotel, packages and ground transport markets.
Mondee Acquires Brazilian Travel Co. Orinter
Travel technology provider and marketplace Mondee is expanding into Brazil with the acquisition of B2B travel company Orinter, which serves both domestic and outbound travel needs in the country, the company announced.
Mondee Acquires Brazilian Online Travel Marketplace Orinter for $40 Million
Mondee is scooping up Brazilian online travel marketplace Orinter for $40 million, its first acquisition since going public last year, the company said Wednesday.
Mondee Gains Foothold in Brazil with Orinter Acquisition
"Travel marketplace and technology platform Mondee has acquired Brazil-based travel provider Orinter in a transaction valued at $40 million. Mondee, which went public via special purpose acquisition company in July 2022, sees Brazil as a ""natural expansion opportunity"" building on its existing presence in North America."
NextGen Travel Affiliate Program From Mondee Offers New Growth and Profitability Opportunities for Travel Experts and Gig Workers
Travel tech and modern travel marketplace recently announced a new Mondee Affiliate Network to offer exclusive access to a broader set of products and better economics on all travel content, including air, hotel, and other ancillaries, like travel insurance, digital wallets, marketing tools, and more.
Mondee Develops Affiliate Program
"Travel technology provider and marketplace Mondee has launched an affiliate program for agencies and other travel professionals, the company announced. The network provides ""an exclusive relationship for all travel categories between Mondee and its customers,"""
Revolutionizing the Travel Industry: An Exclusive Interview with Mondee CEO, Prasad Gundumogula
Welcome to ValiantCEO Magazine’s exclusive interview with Prasad Gundumogula, the Co-Founder and CEO of Mondee, a North-American travel technology company that recently went public in July 2022.
Air Ticket Consolidators Turn Profit in Shifting Landscape
Airlines have made steady efforts in recent years to drive more ticket sales into direct channels. Many are also making a concerted attempt to merchandise their flights and seats as differentiated experiences rather than mere commodities that compete mostly on schedule and price.
Mondee May Be On the Cusp of a Considerable Accomplishment
We feel now is a pretty good time to analyse Mondee Holdings, Inc.'s (NASDAQ:MOND) business as it appears the company may be on the cusp of a considerable accomplishment.
Tigress Financial Partners Initiates Coverage of Mondee Buy Rating and $16 Price Target
Vice Chairman Orestes Fintiklis about China’s Potential Reopening Plans
Political friction, restrictions in the technology sector and an economic slowdown tracking China’s tight coronavirus controls will vex American firms next year even as company executives aim to return and rekindle operations, a US trade group official said.
Roth Capital Partners Initiates Coverage of Mondee with a Buy Rating
Investors looking for the next evolution in tech-supported travel should be thinking about Mondee Holdings (Mondee Holdings Stock Quote, Charts, News, Analysts, Financials NASDAQ:MOND), according to Roth Capital Partners analyst Darren Aftahi.
Chairman, CEO, Founder Prasad Gundumogula on Behind Company Lines Podcast
Prasad Gundumogula is a successful Entrepreneur and Operator since 1999, with an excellent track record for founding multiple transformative ventures and nurturing them from startups to Multi-millions in businesses spanning the Travel, Logistics, Retail, and Auto industries.
Mondee Names Kymber Lowe as Chief Marketing Officer
Mondee Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: MOND) (“Mondee” or the “Company”), a technology-driven, next-generation marketplace delivering exponential growth in a $1 trillion segment of the travel market, today announced the appointment of Kymber Lowe as the company’s Chief Marketing Officer (CMO).
7 Industries That Bucked Inflation and Surged in 2022
It was a tough year for most industries. CEOs in sectors across an array of business sectors — from restaurants and furniture stores to motor vehicle and parts dealers — wrangled with market volatility, supply chain woes and inflation.
Food and Gas Prices Impacted People Most in 2022 – How To Fix That in 2023
Inflation has been plaguing Americans throughout 2022. While it cooled down in October, at 7.7%, consumers are feeling the pinch every day. Gas and food prices soared notably. Not surprisingly, 42% of Americans said rising food costs impacted their finances the most in 2022, while 24% said rising gas costs affected them the most, according to a new GOBankingRates survey.
Mondee: Upcoming Key Player In the Travel Technology Industry
Mondee Talks SPACs, Gig Economy, and Gen Z
"Mondee, a travel marketplace and technology platform, announced its plan to go public via special purpose acquisition company in late 2021. The company has ambitious plans to digitize the cruise and tours segments and ""transform the entire travel industry."""
Elliott Investment in Travel Group is Rare Bright Spot for Spacs
Elliott investment in travel group is rare bright spot for Spacs Blank-cheque companies have struggled to secure so-called Pipe funding to complete deals
The Uber of B2B Travel: Join CEOs of Mondee, ITHAX Acquisition Corp. In Fireside Chat
IPO Edge and the Palm Beach Hedge Fund Association hosted a fireside chat with the Co-Founder & CEO of Mondee Holdings and the Chairman & CEO of ITHAX Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: ITHX) to discuss Mondee’s technology-driven marketplace, network of travel agents, airlines, and hotel accommodations, portfolio of globally recognized brands, business combination with ITHAX, and strategic partnership with Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Travel Tech Firm Mondee Strikes Subscription Partnership Ahead of Going Public
Mondee's highly tactical deal taps into Arthur J. Gallagher & Co's sprawling network of small businesses and associations, which could drive subscriptions for its TripPlanet platform.
Travel Technology Firm Mondee Inks $1 Billion SPAC Deal to Go Public
Mondee Inc. is merging with a special-purpose acquisition company in a combination that values the travel-technology firm at about $1 billion and will take it public, the companies said.
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - Latest Press Releases

Mondee Announces Acquisition of Leading AI Company Purplegrids
Mondee Q3 Results: Robust Growth with Record Profitability and Cash Flow Generation
Mondee to Report Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results on November 14, 2023
Mondee Enhances Capital Structure with Additional Preferred Equity, Expands Share Repurchase Program to up to $40 Million
Mondee Unveils Striking New Brand Identity as the Company Leverages AI to Elevate and Empower the Travel Journey
Mondee Announces Inaugural Share Repurchase Program of Up to $30 Million
Mondee Appoints Travel Luminary Jeff Clarke to Board of Directors
Mondee to Participate in Fireside Chat at Citi’s 2023 Global Technology Conference
Mondee Q2 2023 Results: Disrupts Travel with Revolutionary AI Platform; Delivers Exceptional Growth
Mondee Acquires Skypass, a leading Travel Marketplace, bringing AI to SMEs
Mondee Launches Shareholder Travel Rewards Initiative in Partnership with TiiCKER
Mondee Launches Disruptive A.I. Platform and Travel Experiences Marketplace on the First Anniversary of Nasdaq Listing
Mondee Joins Russell 2000® Index as the Largest Addition in Travel Technology
Mondee Announces Closing of Secondary Offering of Common Stock
Mondee Holdings, Inc. Announces Pricing of Secondary Offering of Common Stock by Selling Stockholders
Mondee Welcomes Former Accenture Leader Geetika Gupta as Chief People Officer
Mondee Announces First Quarter 2023 Financial Results
Mondee Acquires Leading Mexican B2B Travel Company, Consolid
Mondee Acquires Interep, Strengthening its Brazilian and Latin American Footprint
Mondee to Report First Quarter 2023 Financial Results on May 15,2023
Prasad Gundumogula, Mondee’s Chairman, CEO, and Founder Named as an EY Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2023 Gulf South Award Finalist
Mondee Welcomes Former Apple Counsel Meredith Waters as General Counsel
Mondee Welcomes Former WPP PLC Executive Jesus Portillo as Chief Financial Officer
Mondee and TISSINI Partner to Empower Hispanic Women as Successful Travel Entrepreneurs
Mondee to Report Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial Results on February 28, 2023
Mondee Acquires Leading Brazilian B2B Travel Company, Orinter
Mondee Introduces Affiliate Network Program Designed to Increase Growth, Profitability and Product Line-Up for its Global Travel Affiliates
Mondee Names Former Microsoft and Amazon Marketing Executive Kymber Lowe and Chief Marketing Officer
Mondee Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results
Mondee to Report Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results on November 10, 2022
Mondee Announces Expiration and Results of Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Relating to its Warrants
Mondee Announces $85 Million Preferred Equity Financing to Support its Expansion Strategy
Mondee Announces Commencement of an Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Relating to its Warrants
Mondee Announces Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results
Mondee Holdings, Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results on August 15, 2022
ITHAX Acquisition Corp. Shareholders Approve Business Combination with Mondee
Mondee and ITHAX Announce Director Nominees to the New Mondee Board of Directors
ITHAX Acquisition Corp. announces effectiveness of registration statement and extraordinary meeting to approve business combination with Mondee.
Mondee Partners with EBG on Travel and Entertainment Technology Platforms and Subscription Based Marketplaces
Mondee Announces Upsized $70 Million PIPE Transaction
Mondee Announces Q4 and Full Year 2021 Audited Results; Exceeds Full Year 2021 Revenue Forecast By 43%
Mondee Partners With Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. to Expand Access to TripPlanet
Mondee to Participate at the 24th Annual Needham Growth Conference
Mondee, the Technology-First, Fast Growing Travel Market Disruptor, To Go Public Through Business Combination with ITHAX Acquisition Corporation
Contact us to learn more about Mondee, our strategy, and our innovative travel technology. Get press kits, media contacts, and more.
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - The Ultimate Travel App & Affiliate Program for Influencers

Grow your travel influencer business by tapping into Mondee’s global inventory. Earn commissions and fine tune your influencer strategy using real-time data insights.
Travel influencers are the social media trendsetters and tastemakers who offer audiences personalized itineraries, travel tips, and exclusive travel deals. No matter what size of travel influencer you are, you can now monetize your travel content and earn commissions.
*Restrictions apply. See full Terms and Conditions.
Our AI travel assistant, Abhi, gives you curated, localized insights so you’ll always have the inside scoop on sought-after destination content to share with your followers. Abhi can find the best flights in seconds, answer complex questions, and suggest itineraries so you can focus on creating truly inspiring travel content.
Our wide-ranging travel partners offer a near-infinite array of travel options for any type of journey. Here are just a few of them:
Ready to imagine your next adventure? Mondee’s technology delivers beyond what you knew was possible, making your travel experience seamless, intuitive, and secure. Sign up today to start exploring!
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - The Ultimate Travel App with Curated Itineraries

Mondee makes your travel more personalized and meaningful – while also getting you the best value. Explore our smart and fun booking platform that helps you see more and save more!
Because of the deep discounts Mondee offers, travelers can only access Mondee through a Mondee Travel Expert, Influencer, organization or employer. Ask your travel agent or organization if they offer access to Mondee Marketplace, or find a Mondee Influencer on Instagram, TikTok or YouTube; search for #Mondee.
Everybody loves to travel! With more than a decade at the forefront of the travel industry, Mondee features a robust inventory and cutting-edge tech. You can save time at every stage of travel planning – from research to booking, and beyond – thanks to our AI travel assistant, Abhi; insights from our global network of experienced travel experts; and 24/7 support. And collaborate seamlessly every step of the way with friends and family.
Enjoy access to a comprehensive network of 500+ airlines, 1M+ hotel and vacation rentals, 30K+ rental car pickup locations, and 50+ cruise lines – along with negotiated rates that are significantly lower than what’s offered on other popular travel sites.
Whether you’re in the early stages of trip-brainstorming or enjoy doing your own research, our AI assistant Abhi can generate personalized, bookable itineraries in seconds. With Abhi’s help, you have the freedom to change or cancel a trip, modify contact information, and add extras like travel insurance and seat assignments.
Travelers enjoy secure multi-currency payments via credit card or digital wallet, including Apple Pay and Google Pay. If you have questions at any stage, Mondee has you covered with 24/7 customer support.
Our wide-ranging travel partners offer a near-infinite array of travel options for any type of journey. Here are just a few of them:
Need a dose of inspiration? See how far the Mondee network stretches!
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Contact Mondee

(866) 855-9630
hello@mondee.com
"10800 Pecan Park Blvd. #315
Austin, TX 78750"
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - World-Class Airline, Hotel, Cruise & Car Rental Partners

Mondee works with the world’s leading airline, hotel, cruise, and rental car companies to distribute comprehensive travel content across our innovative platform and travel apps. The volume, accessibility, and prices of our content make booking travel seamless, secure, and more profitable.
Our wide-ranging partners present a nearly infinite array of travel options to meet any type of journey. Here are just a few of them:
Through the Mondee Marketplace, we broaden your reach and make it easy to sell your inventory in a way that doesn’t compete with your own channels.
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - Leading Travel Booking System for Travel Agents & Experts

Ready to open up a world of possibilities for your business? With flights, hotels, cruises, cars, and more all in one place, there’s something for every one of your customers. Mondee helps you to grow your knowledge, compare prices, and pass along great deals to your travelers—all while shaping your commission to suit your needs.*
*Restrictions apply. See full Terms and Conditions.
The Mondee Marketplace takes travel to the next level.
Watch below to learn more.
Sign up today to grow your travel business with our comprehensive tool that you can take anywhere. Meet the needs of modern travelers with cutting-edge features like our AI travel assistant, Abhi. Download our travel app and start scaling your business today!
*Restrictions apply. See full Terms and Conditions.
Take advantage of Mondee’s massive, global inventory and the powerful insights of our AI assistant, Abhi to create customized packages and shareable, instantly bookable itineraries.
*Restrictions apply. See full Terms and Conditions.
Our AI travel assistant Abhi can find the best flights in seconds, answer complex questions, suggest itineraries, and connect travelers with local experts to craft personalized travel experiences. Read on to see why Abhi is the all-in-one leisure travel planning and booking solution for your employees, members, or customers!
To manage your clients’ or organization’s leisure travel, download our world-class Mondee Marketplace travel app to start crafting custom travel experiences, with discounted rates and 24/7 traveler support from our innovative AI travel assistant, Abhi. With the Mondee Marketplace app, you can run your business from anywhere.
Our wide-ranging travel partners offer a near-infinite array of travel options for any type of journey. Here are just a few of them:
Need a dose of inspiration? See how far the Mondee network stretches!
"Eligible travel agencies may join the exclusive Mondee Travel Agency Affiliate program.
Fill out the form to learn if your business is qualified."
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Mondee - About Us

Mondee’s industry-changing technology has transformed the travel space. By combining modern agile platforms with extensive industry relationships and strategic acquisitions to boost global expansion, Mondee unites technology and human expertise to create meaningful, hyper-local travel experiences.
Now Mondee is changing the future of travel with Abhi, a fully integrated AI travel platform that simplifies and streamlines trip planning and travel management.
"50M+
DAILY SEARCHES"
"125M+
GLOBAL TRAVELERS"
"65K+
AGENTS AND EXPERTS"
Mondee’s customers include travel agents and experts, gig workers, freelancers, major enterprises, small-medium businesses, influencers, nonprofits, and millions of their discerning travelers. Mondee has made the travel industry more accessible through technology everyone can use.
*Restrictions apply. See full Terms and Conditions.
With strategic acquisitions to boost global expansion, Mondee is uniting technology and human expertise to create meaningful, hyper-local travel experiences. The Mondee family of travel brands includes:
Mondee unlocks the world. The Mondee Marketplace is an all-in-one platform where you can book with confidence. Powered by our AI personal travel assistant, our intuitive approach puts the information you need at your fingertips so you can connect with who and what matters most.
Our AI travel assistant Abhi can find the best flights in seconds, answer complex questions, suggest itineraries, and connect travelers with local experts to craft personalized travel experiences. Read on to see why Abhi is the all-in-one leisure travel planning and booking solution for your employees, members, or customers!
Need a dose of inspiration? See how far the Mondee network stretches!
Ready to imagine your next adventure? Mondee’s technology delivers beyond what you knew was possible, making travel experiences seamless, intuitive, and secure.
Contact us today to start exploring!
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


Meet Abhi - Industry Disrupting AI-Powered Travel Assistant

Our mission is to bring joy to the journey, making your travel moments personal, exciting, and meaningful – while also getting you the best value.
Our AI travel assistant, Abhi, is the heart of the Mondee Marketplace. Powered by the most fully-integrated AI travel platform available, Abhi streamlines and simplifies how you plan, book, share, and even make changes to your trips to ensure more memorable, highly personalized travel experiences.
Whether you’re a travel professional, an influencer, or a traveler, you’ll find everything you need thanks to Abhi, our AI travel assistant. With next-level personalization and robust AI, Abhi is your all-in-one travel planning and booking solution.
Abhi can engage with users in meaningful conversations, understand complex queries, and offer comprehensive responses tailored to their needs. From suggesting flights personalized with users’ preferred airlines, to hotels to book, to detailed sightseeing itineraries, Abhi is sure to become your best travel buddy.
Drawing on Mondee’s huge inventory of discounted travel products, Abhi can instantly create a sophisticated travel experience guide based on a traveler’s interests, making it easier than ever to refine the trip and complete the booking. Within the itinerary itself, just click “Book Now” to view flight, hotel and activity options, then add them directly to your cart.
The intuitive approach of our powerful AI, combined with our comprehensive inventory, saves time and helps your trip fit your needs. Abhi is available 24/7 to check baggage requirements, confirm hotel check-in times, provide post-booking support with travel insurance, and more. With Abhi you can plan and book travel that is curated, personalized, and a great value.
Whether you’re an expert looking to use AI to boost your business, an organization searching for an easy-to-use travel platform, or a traveler ready for your next adventure, Abhi has you covered (and is sure to save you lots of time). Abhi will make your travel planning faster and easier, your trips better, and the world a whole lot smaller. Welcome to the AI-powered future of travel.
With real-time insights and 24/7 customer support for travelers and travel experts alike, the Mondee Marketplace is an all-in-one platform where you can book with confidence.
To manage your clients or organization’s leisure travel, download our world-class Mondee Marketplace travel app to start crafting custom travel experiences, discounted rates, and 24/7 traveler support from our innovative AI travel assistant, Abhi. With the Mondee Marketplace app, you can run your business from anywhere.
© 2023 Mondee. All rights reserved.


